:pencil: [readme] revise walkthrough (#14)
perun-network/perun-eth-demo: README.md

## Getting Started

> Running _perun-eth-demo_ requires a working Go distribution (version 1.14 or higher) and [ganache-cli](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli) installed.   

Reviewer: It should also work with *geth* but we normally test it with *ganache-cli* since it is easier to launch.  
Real eth chains like *ropsten* connected through *Infura* e.g. is ok too, so we should probably just write that you need access to a trustworthy Ethereum Node but in this example we assume *ganache-cli* for ease of use.

Author: i agree, it should work with other backends. however, in the "Example Walkthrough" you explicitly refer to ganache-cli. to make the walkthrough as user friendly as possible, i suggest to explicitly mention that you assume ganache-cli installed, otherwise the walkthrough will not work.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
Running _perun-eth-demo_ requires a working Go distribution (version 1.14 or higher). Optionally, [ganache-cli](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli) needs to be installed for following the walkthrough. _perun-eth-demo_ works with any ethereum node.
```

Author: looks good to me, i adopted this change suggestion to the code base

ganache-cli --account="0x7d51a817ee07c3f28581c47a5072142193337fdca4d7911e58c5af2d03895d1a,100000000000000000000000" --account="0x6aeeb7f09e757baa9d3935a042c3d0d46a2eda19e9b676283dce4eaf32e29dc9,100000000000000000000000"
```

In a second and third terminal, start the nodes of Alice and Bob with
```sh
./perun-eth-demo demo --config alice.yaml
```
and
```sh

> ./perun-eth-demo demo --config bob.yaml

Reviewer: Did you go through the example and try it out? Does it still all work?

Author: yes, went through it, it works. (if you include "main.go", it fails with `Error: unknown command "main.go" for "perun"`.) alternatively, one could replace `./perun-eth-demo` by `go run main.go`, right?

Author: we could also add `--network network.yaml` to explicitly demonstrate how the network is configured. what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Is the network currently implicitly loaded from this file? If yes, I like this idea.

Reviewer: This is already done. See `demo_test.go:TestNodes` for reference.

Author: yeah, but it would be instructive for the reader to have this explicitly in the walkthrough. anyways, i don't think it is that important and we can leave as is for now
